Subtitles by DramaFever
Do you know how the five
kingdoms came into existence?
The Tianquan Kingdom was authorized
by the Sacred Land of Qiongcang
to lead the Taiyuan Kingdom,
Xuanji Kingdom, and Tiansha Kingdom.
The kingdoms prospered
and the people were at peace.
However, a thousand years ago
Di Fei Tian ordered the massacre
of the five kingdoms
plunging the people into great misery.
The Elder of Qiongcang,
Chang Qing Zi, used the Spiritual Elixir
to turn the war around.
However, Di Fei Tian
wasn't completely eliminated.
His last drop of blood coagulated
into a quintuple-color pebble.
Now, Di Fei Tian's power
is beginning to stir.
The one to wake him
will be a young girl
who has the quintuple-color pebble.
You're the successor
of the Spiritual Elixir.
Only you can find
that young girl and change destiny.
Otherwise, the five kingdoms
will be thrown into eternal doom
because of her.
Who is it?
Fu Yao!
The third stage of the
Xuanyuan Secret Chamber
can only be passed by the one
who retrieves the Xuanyuan Seal.
Sure.
I'll give it a try then.
How dare you!
Aren't you going to greet your senior?
Senior Pei, you really
show no mercy, huh?
How is a menial servant
of the Xuanyou Division
fit to address me as her senior?
Don't think you're on the same level
just because Senior Yan
taught you a stance or two.
A servant will always be a servant.
On the same level?
Sure.
It's such a pity, I was
so close to mastering that stage.
In your dreams!
You violated the
regulations of Xuanyuan Sect
by practicing unauthorized in the
Secret Chamber of the Five Elements.
I must have you tied up
and brought to the Chief today.
I'd like to see who'll
put in a good word for you.
Hold on!
Senior Pei, I did violate the regulations
but if you're taking me to the Chief,
you'll need evidence to prove it.
You'll need evidence to catch me.
How dare you act so stubborn
when your last hour is upon you!
A-Lie! Tie her up!
Yes!
She really is stupid.
We're right on the edge of a cliff.
Jump out if you can.
I'm so scared.
But since you told me
to do so, Senior Pei
I'll just obey your orders.
Young Mistress...
Idiot.
That lowly servant...
I won't let you off!
Senior Yan!
Fu Yao?
I saw someone approaching from afar.
I just knew it would be you.
Why did you sneak
down the mountain again?
How many times have I told you?
You can't sneak down the mountain.
If they find out, you'll be...
I know! But I miss you.
You're so full of nonsense!
Senior Yan.
Junior Pei.
Senior Yan, you can't
defend that lowly slave again.
She actually dared
to trespass into the secret chamber
to practice our swordsmanship.
When she fled from the mountain,
she violated numerous regulations.
I have to report
this matter to the Chief.
She must be punished immediately.
Is that true?
You...
You're always so willful.
Junior Pei, Fu Yao is still young.
She can't help but be playful.
How about this?
Just let her off.
Senior Yan!
You're always defending her!
That's why this lowly slave from Xuanyou
Division keeps behaving more impetuously!
Do we still abide by the
regulations of Mount Xuanyuan?
Speaking of the regulations,
Senior Pei Yuan broke them too.
You... How dare you!
Am I wrong?
The sacrificial ritual is today.
All of Xuanzheng Division's disciples
should be standing by on the mountain.
Senior Pei Yuan is the first female
disciple of Xuanzheng Division after all.
Why did she sneak
down the mountain too?
You...
Junior Pei!
You were right to reprimand her.
I'll report this to the Chief later
and make sure that she's punished.
You!
When you head back to Xuanyou Division
stand in the corner
and reflect on your mistakes.
I'll be sure to punish you later.
Head back now!
Yes.
Senior Yan!
Why did you let her leave?
Junior Pei!
It's almost time.
Why don't you come with me
to the sacrificial ritual?
The sacrificial ritual...
- Greetings, Mentor.
Today, here in Xuanyuan Sect
the Warrior Hunt will be held once again.
Under the blessing of the heavens,
we're graced with their kindness.
As the deceased mentors watch over us
I, Yan Lie, ask them
to bless Xuanyuan Sect
in bringing peace to Taiyuan Kingdom.
May we dominate the five kingdoms again!
Bless Xuanyuan Sect in bringing
peace to Taiyuan Kingdom!
May we dominate the five kingdoms again!
Listen up.
Although Xuanyuan Sect is
a major sect in the pugilist world
only the ones on the
mountain in Xuanzheng Division
can practice martial arts.
Only the disciples born into noble and
prestigious families are entitled to it.
As for us, we're of Xuanyou Division.
What is Xuanyou Division in charge of?
We're in charge of attending to others.
Get this all cleaned up.
Uncle Zhou.
Uncle Zhou, this is
the outfit you asked for.
All right.
Here, hold it.
Let me put it this way.
Whoever dresses in this color
is of the lowest rank.
When you see anyone
dressed in other colors
you must step aside.
Come here.
Listen.
You'll be fed and given accommodation.
You won't have
to stay out in the rain and wind.
What a blessing that is!
You should work hard.
Don't think about useless matters.
Don't be like the leader
of the children here, Fu Yao.
Listen up, that Fu Yao...
Where is Fu Yao?
Where did Fu Yao go?
Bless Xuanyuan Sect
in bringing peace to Taiyuan Kingdom!
May we dominate the five kingdoms again!
Bless Xuanyuan Sect
in bringing peace to Taiyuan Kingdom!
May we dominate the five kingdoms again!
You scared me to death, Fu Yao.
What took you so long?
You look quite handsome in this.
What about mine?
It's in here.
It would be good if we go
unrecognized in the green gowns.
But if they catch us peeking
into the Chief's sacrificial ritual
who knows how they'll kill us?
There are so many people
in the Xuanzheng Division.
Who would pay attention
to every disciple?
You'll look more suspicious
if you look that anxious.
Learn from me.
Right, no one will recognize me.
But you're so mischievous.
Who doesn't know you?
The contest is only held
once every eight years.
Don't you want to see the ritual?
Learn a thing or two.
If I'd known you'd be like this,
I wouldn't have brought you.
No... I'll come along.
Starting today, Xuanyuan Sect's
internal contest will accept candidates.
All disciples who are of age, be it
those in white, green, or red gowns
you're all eligible
to participate in the Warrior Hunt
regardless of your lineage.
The Warrior Hunt was first
held by our founding mentor.
It was designed to select
the most outstanding disciple
in hopes of protecting our people
from bandits and beasts.
The winner will become a hero.
What is a hero?
One who gathers the spirit of nature
and releases it in the form of force.
The winner of this year's
contest will become a hero.
The winner shall be honored
with the glory of Xuanyuan Sect
and become an influential pillar
of strength to the Taiyuan Kingdom.
The contest will not only prove you
worthy of honor, but also challenge you.
Disciples who wish
to participate in the contest
must drop their blood-signed tickets
into the Armillary Cauldron.
Once you decide to participate
you will risk your life
in the Warrior Hunt.
You're not to regret it.
Regardless of your lineage...
They still look down
on our Xuanyou Division.
Am I wrong?
Are you sick of living?
Leave now!
Go! Quickly!
Get down here!
Are you bullying an old man
like me, since I can't climb a tree?
Listen!
Get down here now!
I must beat you to death today!
Who are you to attend
the sacrificial ritual?
Apart from stirring up trouble,
you even got someone else involved.
Are you coming down or not?
Are you coming down?
I really want to come down
but I'm scared of heights.
This child...
Uncle Zhou, don't get angry!
Fu Yao, just admit
your mistake to Uncle Zhou!
If you have her interests
at heart, don't hold me back
or I'll hit you too! I'll...
Don't! Don't hit him!
I forced him to go with me.
No, Fu Yao didn't.
I wanted to go there.
Whether or not you went there voluntarily
get back to the dye house!
- All right!
- Get going!
Go. Go now!
Uncle Zhou...
Look, he's gone.
Stop scolding me.
Besides, all I did was take a look.
No one spotted me.
Get down here.
Come down. I won't hit you.
If you come down,
I'll assign you a nice chore.
Oh.
It's the 15th of this month.
Head down the mountain
and bring some wine back.
You'd let me leave the mountain?
Fine. If you won't go,
I'll ask someone else.
You... so you finally came down.
Where do you think you're going?
Aren't you quite a tree climber?
It hurts!
Stop hitting me. My bottom hurts.
Get up!
Let me have a look.
If I could beat some
sense into you, I really would!
It hurts.
Fu Yao, be honest with me.
What's so bad about the Xuanyou Division?
Yes, we're of a lowly-rank.
We live in poverty.
But everyone in our division
treats you very well.
Seven and the other children
are always following you around.
What have you taught them?
To climb trees like you do?
Are you always racking your brain
for ways to get out of the black gown?
What's wrong?
I get along with everyone
in Xuanyou Division.
I'm also quite close to White.
You should behave then.
How have I misbehaved?
I just find this unfair.
Why must people be ranked?
Look at those in the Xuanzheng Division.
They get to train in martial arts
when they come here.
They can go anywhere they please.
They even bully us.
We even have to attend to them.
Why? Are we so lowly
that we have to do that?
Not another word.
This is our fate.
It's your fate, you have to yield to it.
I'll be off!
Don't get into trouble
while you're out and about!
You hear me?
I got it!
What have you learned
on this three-month journey?
I got to meet the legal first
prince at the capital, Kunning.
He's benevolent, filial, and courageous.
A splitting image of a sage.
I'm honored to be held
in high regard by him.
His Highness said that there
are many political factions.
He wants to form his own army.
And I happen to be
just the person he needs.
Did you hear any news on your way back?
What news?
The situation in Kunning has changed.
What?
Father.
Have you made all the
arrangements as I instructed?
Father...
I ordered Zhang He Nian
to deploy the army into the palace.
Our troops have the entire city
surrounded from the outside.
This time, Qi Zhen...
He won't have any way to escape.
Good!
Good...
Qi Zhen has long coveted my throne.
Your coronation ceremony
will take place in three days.
As long as Qi Zhen lives
the royal Xuanyuan family's
throne will be at risk.
My son, bear this in mind.
Eradicate him once and for all!
Tonight...
The Taiyuan Kingdom shall be mine!
Would Qi Zhen
really dare to harm the king?
He's the Elder Statesman.
He's the second highest in command.
Usurping the throne will bring
great chaos to the five kingdoms.
Since he has held
overwhelming power and authority
he's bound to go to war
against the royal Xuanyuan family.
There's no knowing who will make it
through the chaos to victory.
Once the royal Xuanyuan family
is annihilated and the dynasty changes
the order in Taiyuan Kingdom
will change as well.
Will the Xuanyuan Sect
do nothing to help?
What are we to do?
Xuanyuan Sect is far out here
in the pugilist world
and away from political strife.
We remain neutral and
act only as spectators.
This is the right path.
However, I was once held
in high regard by the prince.
I feel a bit...
No personal feelings must be
involved in power struggles.
As long as you come first
in the Warrior Hunt
who wouldn't hold you in high regard
considering Xuanyuan Sect's
status in the pugilist world
and your championship
in our internal contest?
Father, you're right to reprimand me.
Prepare yourself for the Warrior Hunt.
You must win the Warrior Hunt.
Yes.
Your Highness.
Elder Statesman Qi?
I've observed the celestial signs
and the stars are dim tonight.
Blood will be shed in the palace.
Convey my command.
Annihilate every member
of the royal Xuanyuan family.
Lie back down quickly.
Here.
Don't worry.
No one will kill you.
Who would wish to be burdened
with the notoriety of killing the king?
Just hang in there.
Then you'll soon be able to see me
take the throne of Taiyuan Kingdom.
Are you all right?
Hey!
Save me!
I'm the legal first born
of Quan City, Xuanyuan Min.
Save me! Save me!
Save me...
Senior Pei, the net
will tighten over time.
An ordinary person would
need more then four to six hours
to tear through or undo it.
As long as we get to teach
Fu Yao a lesson, you'll be rewarded.
Thank you, Senior Pei.
Hey! Gentlemen!
Help me!
Hold on!
Hey!
I caught you!
Junior Pei?
I'm sorry.
I thought it was Fu Yao.
What is it?
Do I resemble Fu Yao?
No, you don't.
I just thought that...
Junior Pei, what brings you here?
Senior Yan, you and Fu Yao
can come here, but I can't?
That isn't what I meant.
If so, I'll get going first...
Senior Yan, it was summer
when you left on your journey.
Look.
In the blink of the eye, it's fall.
It's been three months and nine days.
Oh, no.
If we count this day,
then it has been 100 days.
Since my elder sister got married
my father has hoped to tie
a marital bond with Chancellor's family
and has urged me
to return to the capital.
A grown woman should get married.
You're at the age
to discuss marriage proposals.
Senior Yan, don't you understand?
I just wish to remain at Mount Xuanyuan.
I wish to be with you, Senior Yan...
Junior Pei, you've performed
outstandingly in Xuanyuan Sect
so I believe that you'll do
remarkably well in the Warrior Hunt.
Then, you'll make a name
for yourself in Taiyuan Kingdom.
Not to mention
in front of the Chancellor.
Even the royal family
would ask for your hand.
It's true that I don't wish
to return to the capital
because I want to participate
in the Warrior Hunt.
But I'm not just
doing so for my own sake.
It's for your sake.
I'd like to make you famous
throughout Taiyuan Kingdom.
Who placed the net here? Let me go!
Let me down!
Which jerk did this?
Why is it the same trick again?
Who did this?
Senior Yan, my feelings...
Help!
Help me!
It's Fu Yao!
Did you verify his identity?
He's indeed the legal first born
son of Quan City, Xuanyuan Min.
Kill him.
Master Yun Hen, the Elder Statesman
gave orders to keep him alive.
Hold on.
Luckily, he just passed out.
Help!
Fu Yao!
Senior Yan!
Well?
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Didn't you leave the mountain
to bring back the rice wine?
How did you end up like this?
Are you hurt?
The rice wine...
Oh no... I'm done for!
- I'm doomed!
- What's wrong, Fu Yao?
I'm doomed.
This is bad.
Uncle Zhou will surely beat me to death.
Look at you.
You're always so careless.
Forget it.
I'll explain it to Uncle Zhou later.
What are you looking for?
What's wrong?
What are you trying to find?
Senior Yan, did you see
an injured man on your way here?
Is this the time to worry
about someone else?
Whatever.
I hope that he's all right.
Look at you.
You're injured and you're still
worrying about someone else.
Fu Yao, you're a girl.
A girl should behave like one.
You should cry and feel aggrieved.
You should make others
feel upset for you.
Senior Yan...
Are you worried about me?
Silly girl.
Take a seat over there
so I can look at your wounds.
Look, it's bleeding.
I know it's because I'm kind
to you and treat you differently...
Some people are always out to bully you.
Someone must have pulled
a prank on you today.
I know just how aggrieved you must be.
I don't feel aggrieved.
Whoever bullies me,
I'll just get back at them.
You're too competitive.
Don't you know that it does you
harm to be overly unyielding?
Fu Yao, don't you worry.
When I become the next
Chief of Xuanyuan Sect
I'll make sure that
you're no longer a servant.
Then, I'll make it known
to everyone that you're mine.
Now that I've heard you say that...
I won't feel aggrieved anymore,
even if I'm treated unfairly.
But if you could treat
the disciples of Xuanyou Division
as kindly as you treat me and
rid them of their black gowns soon
wouldn't that be great?
There are the regulations
of Mount Xuanyuan to abide by.
All right now.
Why are we talking about this?
I'll escort you back.
Let's go.
Someone has trespassed into the mountain.
Someone has trespassed into the mountain?
Who could be so bold?
He claimed to be the
Elder Statesman, Qi Zhen's subordinate.
Xuanyuan Sect is a potent
force of Taiyuan Kingdom
and tops all the sects
in the five kingdoms.
Who are you
to barge in here as you please?
The Chief has arrived!
I'm Yan Lie, Chief of Xuanyuan Sect.
I wonder what made you
trespass into my grounds.
Do you have at least
a few competent doctors?
Someone is injured.
Master Qi Zhen of Taiyuan Kingdom
asked to have him rescued.
You must have been
in the capital for too long.
You've forgotten how you should
behave when asking for help.
The Elder Statesman has arrived!
Can that doctor
manage to save him or not?
Elder Statesman, fret not.
That's the famous doctor
of the pugilist world.
Divine Physician, Zong Yue.
Doctor Zong only comes up the mountain
in the fall to gather medicinal herbs.
Otherwise, it would be hard
to track his whereabouts.
Anyone he treats is
sure to recover fully.
The Divine Physician?
Let's hope he lives up to his reputation.
Has the patient recovered?
He is fine.
He will surely regain
consciousness within an hour.
Doctor, please write him a prescription.
I've already told you.
He is just fine.
No medication is needed.
I'll take my leave.
How impudent.
Forget it.
Since he's just a commoner
it's inevitable that he
carries an air of arrogance
and defiance against nobility.
He's indeed the legal first born
son of Quan City, Xuanyuan Min.
Father...
Father, what exactly is this about?
Convey my orders.
Attend to the guests carefully.
Who exactly is in there?
It's the Elder Statesman
of Taiyuan Kingdom, Qi Zhen.
What?
I'm afraid that there must've been
unforeseen changes in the palace
if Qi Zhen is visiting
Mount Xuanyuan now.
But this will serve as
an opportunity for you.
You...
Who are you?
What... what is this place?
Are you really Xuanyuan Min,
the legal first born son of Quan City?
So what if I am?
So what if I'm not?
The royal Xuanyuan family is indeed
skilled in the art of manipulating water.
Who exactly are you?
How could you know of this secret?
Official Qi Zhen greets Your Highness.
Your Highness,
please forgive me for alarming you.
Your... Your Highness?
Who are you addressing as Your Highness?
It seems that the king's decree
has yet to reach Quan City.
Your Highness, the king has conferred you
as the legal heir of the Taiyuan Kingdom.
The procession to escort you
to the palace will arrive in two days.
Is this true?
Your Highness.
What do you think?
This means...
I...
I'll become the next king
of the Taiyuan Kingdom?
Yes.
Good.
Sure...
I'll be the king.
Subtitles by DramaFever